password_verification/README.md, before:

# Password Verification

You are the head of security at the Depository Bank of Zurich and are responsible for your customers logging into your banking system to retrieve items from their secure safety deposit boxes. 

Some customers enter the bank, blabbing about the Holy Grail. You don’t know what they are talking about, but they sound very important so you rush to get them logged into their account only to find that the authentication system has been corrupted! 

Since it seems the fate of the world is on the line, you decide to start diagnosing the problem by hand.

To troubleshoot, you have decided to come up with a list of passwords and their associated rules at the time of the password creation.

For example, suppose you have the following list:

```
1-3 a: abcde
1-3 b: cdefg
2-9 c: ccccccccc
```

Each line gives the password policy and then the password. The password policy indicates the lowest and highest number of times a given letter must appear for the password to be valid. For example, `1-3 a` means that the password must contain `a` at least `1` time and at most `3` times.

In the above example, `2` passwords are valid. The middle password, `cdefg`, is not; it contains no instances of `b`, but needs at least `1`. The first and third passwords are valid: they contain one `a` or nine `c`, both within the limits of their respective policies.

Given our input, how many passwords are valid according to their policies?

## Credits
Original problem adapted from [Advent of Code 2020](https://adventofcode.com/2020/day/2)

Commit message:

removed reverse_captcha for now. Added part II to password_verification

password_verification/README.md, after:

# Password Verification

You are the head of security at the Depository Bank of Zurich and are responsible for your customers logging into your banking system to retrieve items from their secure safety deposit boxes. 

Some customers enter the bank, blabbing about the Holy Grail. You don’t know what they are talking about, but they sound very important so you rush to get them logged into their account only to find that the authentication system has been corrupted! 

Since it seems the fate of the world is on the line, you decide to start diagnosing the problem by hand.

To troubleshoot, you have decided to come up with a list of passwords and their associated rules at the time of the password creation.

For example, suppose you have the following list:

```
1-3 a: abcde
1-3 b: cdefg
2-9 c: ccccccccc
```

Each line gives the password policy and then the password. The password policy indicates the lowest and highest number of times a given letter must appear for the password to be valid. For example, `1-3 a` means that the password must contain `a` at least `1` time and at most `3` times.

In the above example, `2` passwords are valid. The middle password, `cdefg`, is not; it contains no instances of `b`, but needs at least `1`. The first and third passwords are valid: they contain one `a` or nine `c`, both within the limits of their respective policies.

Given our input, how many passwords are valid according to their policies?


## Part II

Now the French national criminal-investigation police bureau is at your front door, asking to speak to you. Despite your best efforts, the validation you've done isn't working for your clients!

You remember you were using the wrong rules!

Each policy actually describes two positions in the password, where `1` means the first character, `2` means the second character, and so on. (Be careful; Depository Bank of Zurich policies have no concept of "index zero"!) Exactly one of these positions must contain the given letter. Other occurrences of the letter are irrelevant for the purposes of policy enforcement.

Given the same example list from above:

`1-3 a: abcde` is valid: position `1` contains `a` and position `3` does not.
`1-3 b: cdefg` is invalid: neither position `1` nor position `3` contains `b`.
`2-9 c: ccccccccc` is invalid: both position `2` and position `9`contain `c`.

How many passwords are valid according to the new interpretation of the policies?

### Credits
Original problem adapted from [Advent of Code 2020](https://adventofcode.com/2020/day/2)
